c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x86.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x64.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.so
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.so
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.dylib
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.dylib
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.exe.config
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.exe
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.CloudSpeechAPI.v1beta1.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Speech.V1Beta1.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.LongRunning.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.CloudSpeechAPI.v1beta1.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.CloudSpeechAPI.v1beta1.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Speech.V1Beta1.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.LongRunning.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.exe
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.pdb
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\andre\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\GoogleSpechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.exe.config
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.exe
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x86.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\grpc_csharp_ext.x64.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.so
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.so
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x86.dylib
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\libgrpc_csharp_ext.x64.dylib
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.exe
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.CloudSpeechAPI.v1beta1.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Speech.V1Beta1.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.LongRunning.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.CommonProtos.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Api.Gax.Grpc.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.CloudSpeechAPI.v1beta1.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.CloudSpeechAPI.v1beta1.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Cloud.Speech.V1Beta1.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.LongRunning.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Auth.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Grpc.Core.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\token.json
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.config
C:\Users\andre.SOFTIUM\Source\Repos\GoogleSpeechAPI\GoogleSpechAPI\obj\Debug\GoogleSpechAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
